the football game playing calm we're
football makes sense I memory hunt
dissolve the PlayBook bring you an NFL
week for preview between the
Philadelphia Eagles and the San
Francisco 49ers now we're going to start
the 49ers in this ballgame great victory
last week against the Cincinnati Bengals
what they have to do offensively this
game is to come in and make sure they
get the bats involved in the passing
game I look at the screen game possibly
as an advantage for the 49ers this week
if they can get guys like Kendall Hunter
and Frank Gore if he's going to be
healthy this week in the flats or
operating off screens getting these
Eagles linebackers up there and covers
to create 101 opportunities that's a
huge win for this 49 its office and
that's that way they could have some
success and they have to continue to
open up the passing game if the 49ers
open up the passing game the run game is
one look a lot better trust me the
pieces are there for the passing game
you have Morgan out there on the fines
Crabtree again two tight ends in Delanie
Walker and Vernon Davis so the pass-game
is their offensive line is solid is up
to these guys to open up the passing
game now defensively the back side
defender must stay home whether mike
vick plays or vince young or mike kafka
is still up to the backside defensive
end to stay home because LeSean McCoy is
one of the more explosive Brenda backs
in the league and it has outstanding
agility and vision and if he finds that
cut back lane house call so the back
side defender has to stay at home and
make sure you guys hold up at the point
of attack the Eagles do a great job of
running off tackle if the 49ers can't
hold up at the point of attack it could
be a long day for their defense and they
also have to look at the fact that
there's a lot of speed on the flanks for
the Philadelphia Eagles if those
cornerbacks get caught looking in the
backfield or gate card hesitating
touchdown Philadelphia get the special
teams out there and look at the Eagles
coming into this matchup what the bike
big plays or not we don't know that at
the time that this is at this moment as
we're taping this but either way it goes
whoever's back their quarterback has to
feed LeSean McCoy this guy is on a verge
of Russian for at least 1,600 yards he
has that type of explosiveness if he
gets the carry lean on him in a running
game that's going to help neutralize the
pressure of the San Francisco 49ers
an attacking at 49ers defense the Eagles
have to make sure they attack the middle
of that defense there's a lot of real
estate to be found behind the front
seven in the middle of defense between
the linebackers and safeties I would
attack the middle of the defense and
whether it be with tight ends with wire
receivers even sit in the back out of
the backfield attack the middle of the
floor down his defense and that's just
going to open up things on the edge I
think that's a good aspect for the
Eagles is matchup defensively you want
to take away Vernon Davis if you take
away alex smith's number one target and
Vernon Davis you're going to force him
to go to the outsides consistently and
that's where the Eagles strength lies on
the outsides the safety players
questionable right now but you have to
look at guys like Cromartie Samuel also
Nnamdi Asomugha I think they're going to
have a better game but force Alex Smith
to go to the outsides by taking away
Vernon Davis and a gap pressure against
the 49ers is vital if you could dominate
the a-gap against the San Francisco
49ers you can have a lot of success and
stopping the run they weren't they run
more power players gap please then I've
ever seen any team running this league
so far this season so dominate the a gap
take away with their number one option
is now let's take a look at some X
Factor's The X Factor's for the
Philadelphia Eagles has to be the health
of Michael Vick if Vick is not back
there now you have a dilemma do you
start casco do start Vince Young that's
the X Factor the health of vick if he's
back that you have to do what you have
to do to keep them healthy extract
according to 49ers offensive balance
they have to throw the football in order
be successful that's going to be a huge
x-factor for the four times if they come
out throwing and they have some early
success I'm going to Philadelphia in
this ballgame I think there's still a
little bit too more too much explosive
than the San Francisco 49ers and they're
going to come out whoever's gonna be
back their quarterback is going to have
their opportunity to take chances deep
down the field and McCoy should have a
big date rushing the football for more
NFL previews at football game plan calm
/ NFL or visit our youtube channel at
youtube com that's football game plan
and listen to the football game plan
radio show which airs saturdays 11 a.m.
eastern time at blogtalkradio.com /
football game plan